c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\InfoCopter2.exe.config
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\InfoCopter2.exe
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\InfoCopter2.pdb
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2.g.resources
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2.exe
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2.pdb
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\zack\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\obj\Debug\InfoCopter2_Content.g.cs
c:\Users\zack\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\InfoCopter2\InfoCopter2\bin\Debug\Database\infocopter.sqlite
